well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
how candidates backgrounds affect their
positions it's important because right
now we see a candidate getting just
dragged over her stance on Syria and her
stance on Syria may make a whole lot
more sense than you think but to show
you what I'm talking about let's look at
Trump none of trumps policy decisions
are surprised really and they may be
shocking but they're not a surprise we
knew going into it that he was going to
attempt to run a country the way he ran
his companies which is come in short
term gains do use whatever tactics you
have to to get those profits up after
you take over a company or found one and
in cash out that's what he does it's his
mode of operation always has been he's
Richard Gere from pretty woman in a lot
of ways actually um
so nothing that he did was a surprise
tulsi gabbard her stance on Syria makes
complete sense when you actually look at
her background people say well she was
in the military yeah how she was she was
in a medical unit though it's a little
different than being an average
infantryman an average infantryman he
dehumanizes the opposition the civilians
everybody he has to to stay sane he has
to to be able to function and do his job
and we all know what that job is the
medical profession in the military is a
little different they treat the
opposition they treat the civilians so
they don't do that not to the same
degree not anywhere close if an infantry
guys out in the film and a woman breaks
cover and runs through the field of fire
and gets hit his response idiot moves on
about his day he can't allow that
tragedy and register if he does he's
probably going to get killed it's going
to affect him so they dehumanize the
opposition so it doesn't affect them
that's part of
that's per count works now in the
medical field is something that he may
not even remember when that woman gets
put on a stretcher and brought into your
er that may affect you on a deep level
that may be a defining a defining moment
in your experience in that war because
medical people people have medical units
they see the cost on both sides whereas
if your infantry the opposition
casualties well those are wins for you
and the medical community it's all bad
it's all bad you see the suffering so
that's something we have to keep in mind
the other thing that I've noticed about
her is that she tends to pay attention
to international affairs on a pretty
deep level most of her positions not all
there there's one stand out from this
that I've seen but most are incredibly
nuanced positions you don't get a
nuanced position by just following the
main US media narrative because that's
our fault that's our fault as the
American people we like stories we like
just a normal storyline international
relations since then not how it works
there are plot holes everywhere the
other thing is that we tend to come into
an event during the rising action we
don't get the prologue her position on
Syria tells me that she understands the
prologue and most Americans don't and
that may that may explain why her
position is what it is you know to the
average American at the earliest Syria
entered their narrative in 2010 okay
somewhere around there when did the US
decide to oust Assad 2006
everything was behind the scenes though
wasn't part of a major event it wasn't
front-page news you know if you ask the
average American why we went to Syria
was either to fight the guys with the
black flag and white lettering I'm not
saying the name because I've noticed
something about the YouTube algorithm
it was either to fight them or to help
the rebels defeat Assad because that
they they rose up against a brutal
dictator okay
what's the reality from 2006 to the
start of those spontaneous protests the
US and the UK were pumping millions in
propaganda into the country to advocate
regime change those spontaneous protests
or Orca not organized and orchestrated
by contractors working for Western
intelligence agencies and this isn't
conspiracy theory this is all fact this
is awful like it all these stories have
been broke so our goal was never to help
the rebels the rebels were tool our goal
was never to defeat the guys with the
black flag no I mean that was a
secondary goal once they got out of hand
but if that was our goal and that's why
we were there why were we fighting Assad
they were signs enemy we should have
been teamed up with him but we weren't
because our goal had nothing to do with
defeating them had nothing to do with
the Syrian people it had to do with
destabilizing and announcing aside my
personal opinion everything up till now
has been fact my personal opinion is
that it had to do with a pipeline there
are a number of geopolitical reasons
that it could have been triggered but my
personal opinion is that had to do with
a pipeline so when you look at her
stance and she says some of the things
that she says it's because she
understands we triggered this
we started this so when she talks about
you know some of the blood being on her
hands she's right she's right even
people that Assad killed none of this
would have happened had it not been for
us and that that's that's an important
thing that people need to consider when
she seems to be taking a stance that is
just crazy
no she just understands the subject
matter better she's right but I do see
her falling prey to something that a lot
of anti-colonialist anti imperialist
anti interventionist whoever they fall
prey to this syndrome okay you want to
impose an intervention and that's fine
that's good
but just because the US is doing
something that isn't right doesn't mean
the other guy's a good guy he could be a
bad guy too it's very possible and it
happens a lot that's the case with Assad
is Assad as bad as the US narrative
paints him to be no no not even close he
doesn't have a halo either he doesn't
have a halo either he wasn't a great
freedom fighter in any sense
he was definitely an authoritarian at
the same time you have to understand
it's the Middle East people that aren't
authoritarian don't make it very far and
if you were to compare him to other
leaders in the Middle East
this dude is Bernie Sanders liberal he
is not the evil dictator that he's being
painted to be but he's not he's not this
great guy either there's that middle
ground and we have to be realistic about
that the other thing that needs to be
shown is that a lot of the accusations
against him and his forces they've been
proven false so but there's enough of
them that are true too to understand
that he isn't this great benevolent
ruler he's not and that's the problem
that she seems to be having is showing
that she completely opposes this
intervention that were engaged in and
this revolution and this conflict that
we created but she's not showing that
she stands against some of the things
that Assad has done she's not showing
that clearly she's made some
but not enough to to belay that
criticism of her but the important thing
here is that we have to start looking at
where these candidates are coming from
if we don't do that we're never gonna
understand what they're gonna do in
office because what they say means
nothing it really doesn't where they
come from in their past actions do now
by and large with the exception of her
her stance is concerning Israel and
Palestine her positions are pretty
nuanced that she needs to answer for
that and there are a lot of people that
want to take her to task for it which is
fine that that particular stance of hers
needs some refinement no doubt but
overall on the foreign policy aspect her
her stances are nuanced to the level
that shows that she's going to listen to
the advisers she's going to take into
account everything that's going on in
these countries she may not always be
right but she's going to at least listen
to the people that know what they're
talking about which is more than we have
right now anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day